All right, time to place some jungle
logs.
I'm going to work on my house today.
Hello Awaid. Awaid Limon27, welcome to
the stream.
I'll place my jungle logs.
Place a log here in the corner.
All right, I started this stream a
little bit early today.
So, I'm going to work on my house while
people join the stream.
What's up, Eddie?
Yo, Enchan in the house. What's up,
Enchan?
Thanks for joining the stream.
Hello
Akifi?
Akifi Habibi21, welcome to the stream.
Thanks for joining.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, Akifi. Welcome, Lemon. Thanks
for joining the stream, everyone.
Today, I'm going to work on my house.
I'm going to place some jungle logs
while people join the stream.
I have a lot of jungle logs to place.
Log.
It is indeed alive. Welcome, Dennis.
Thanks for joining.
Your real name is Akif, gotcha.
Well, thanks for joining, Akif.
Thanks for joining, everyone.
Jungle logs.
We have a lot of work to do on the
stream today.
A lot of work to do on our house.
Oop.
Oh, I need more logs.
I already ran out of jungle logs.
It's already looking so much better.
I need more jungle logs.
More jungle logs.
There we go.
And I'll eat some steak.
Yum, yum, yum. Welcome to the stream,
everybody. Thank you for joining the
live stream.
I'm going to read some of your comments.
Hi, man. What are you doing?
We're playing some Minecraft today.
Today, I'm going to work on my house
in my Minecraft hardcore world.
Do you have somebody else playing with
you? No, the sound of the chests are my
copper golems. My copper golems are
making the sounds of the chests opening
and closing.
Nobody else in this world. Just me.
I'm doing well. How have you been,
Denise? Has your day been going good?
I'm so glad you like my streams, Akif.
Thanks for watching. Thanks for
watching, everybody. And thanks for
joining the stream.
I'm going to open my book.
My goal for this live stream is to
improve my house.
So, I'm going to work on the floor. I'm
going to add some decorations
to the walls.
And maybe I'll build a pathway.
A pathway that connects my house
with the barn
and the supporter wall.
And right now,
I'll go over to the supporter wall to
say thank you to all my supporters.
Here we are at the supporter wall.
Big thank you to everybody that supports
this channel.
Big thank you to Mario Molina for being
my top supporter.
Thank you to my students, Zarin, Nathan,
Leo, Ace. Big thank you to everybody
that I practice speaking English with.
And if you would like to be added to my
supporter wall, you could go to this
this link right here. This link is also
the first link down in the description,
and you could go over to
my Kofi page,
where you could make a donation,
or on my Kofi page, you could also check
out
my artwork. Here I have a lot of
different artwork available for sale.
So, you could go to my coffee page to
support this channel, and I really
appreciate it. Big thank you
to all of my supporters.
You guys are the best.
All right.
Oh, there's a creeper.
I don't have a bow.
I'm going to run.
I'm going to run around the creeper.
Back home.
I'll open the door and close the door.
Ooh, I left this door open. I'll close
it.
Over here, I turned this room into a
bedroom. I moved my bed over here.
My bed's here now, and look, Jeb is
standing on my bed.
Over here, I've added a window. I placed
some glass here.
So, now I can see
the supporter wall from my bed.
And in this room,
I moved the crafting table, the stone
cutter, the furnaces, and the anvil.
So, I'm going to place all of the
workstations in this room.
All of this stuff used to be
right here in the front.
Hello from South America.
Welcome to the stream.
Thank you, Denise. I'm glad you like the
channel.
I'm from the US. I live in the United
States.
Hello, Mia and Max. Hello. Thank you for
joining the stream, Mia and Max.
It makes me happy to see you join the
stream.
All right, let's go to sleep.
Oh, no. I don't need to sleep. The sun's
coming up. It's morning.
Let's start working on the house.
So, the first thing that I want to
change here in the house is
the floor.
I want to change the floor.
Let's check in my stone chest.
Maybe I'll use some stone.
What else could I use to decorate the
floor?
Um
maybe some tough.
Okay.
Now, I'll go over to the stone cutter.
Right here.
I could make stone bricks.
What about with the tough? Let's try
putting the tough in the stone cutter.
I could make some polished tough.
Ooh, or some chiseled tough.
I'll make some polished tough.
There we go. I made a full stack of
polished tough.
Going to dig up this cobblestone.
And I'll replace it with polished tough.
Okay.
I'll do the same thing here.
And here.
Hello from the USA?
What part of the USA are you from
Enchan?
I live in Utah. I live in the western
United States.
21:30 in Norway?
Hi, will you be making videos of
Minecraft Dungeons or Minecraft Legends?
Um, I don't know. I've never played
Minecraft Dungeons or Minecraft Legends.
I'll probably stick to playing Minecraft
hardcore on this channel.
Kenzo, can we play Minecraft? I'm just
going to play single player in this
world.
Hello. Welcome. Cap- Capybar?
Capybara? Welcome to the stream.
Ohio.
All right, Eastern time.
Hello Anastasia. Welcome to the stream
Anastasia.
Hello Lightning VR.
The number two crown.
All right, let's continue.
I'm going to keep decorating the floor.
Um.
I'm not sure what to do here.
I want to make the floor different in
each room.
So maybe here in this first room, I'll
change the floor to carpet.
I want this to be carpet.
So, I'll dig up the floor here.
All righty.
And I'll pick up
some carpet.
Maybe
maybe white and red.
We'll use white wool and red wool.
Let's see.
No, I don't like that.
What if I make a checkered pattern?
I'll make it checkered.
So, I'll go like this.
Oops.
And now I'll add the right Now I'll add
the red wool.
Okay, I like that.
I like that carpet.
What should I add to this wall?
Tell me in the chat what I should add to
this wall to decorate it.
You like the checkered pattern?
Turkey colors. Yeah, they are the colors
of turkey.
You're right.
My moderator has showed up.
Thanks for joining, Christina.
You never miss.
A painting.
Ooh, I could add a painting to this
wall.
No sulfur blocks yet.
Akif.
Let's do it. Let's add some paintings.
All right. Everybody's saying to add a
painting to this wall. Let's do it. To
make a painting
I need wool and sticks.
So, let's add one wool
and a bunch of sticks
to make a painting.
Let's add a painting to the wall.
My favorite mob in Minecraft, ooh.
Probably the creeper. The creeper is my
favorite.
Um
let's see.
If I go like this, it'll make the
painting huge.
So, maybe I'll add some red wool blocks
here and here to make the painting
smaller.
Whoa.
What happened to my painting?
Oh, there it is.
Why did my painting get teleported
outside?
I'll pick it up.
Let's see.
Like this?
I don't know.
Yeah, I think it was a glitch. I think
I'm going to break this and I'll just
make it one one by one.
Yeah, like that.
I think I like the smaller painting
better.
Do you like it? Do you like the
painting, chat?
Thumbs up or thumbs down?
3 by 3?
A 3 by 3 painting?
Like this? Wait.
Like this? Wait. That's 2x2.
There we go.
3x3.
Do you like it?
Do you
Chat, do you prefer the big painting or
the small painting?
Tell me in the chat. Big painting or
small painting? Big or small?
Thanks, Enchan.
Big?
You like the bigger painting?
Hello, Brunone. Welcome to the stream,
Brunone.
Big painting?
Okay, I'll leave the painting big.
We'll leave a big painting on this wall.
A huge painting.
All right.
Over here,
I'll replace this block
with
polished tough.
The floor over here is bamboo planks.
I'll leave that.
Over here in the chest room, I want to
change the floor.
So, I'll dig this up. I'll dig up this
cobblestone.
And I'll replace it with tough.
Okay.
What should the floor be in the chest
rooms?
I'll dig up this cobblestone as well.
And I'll replace it with polished tough.
Let's see. What should the floor be here
in the chest room?
Can you add a random blue wool for no
reason?
No.
No way.
Hello Nikodem.
Nikodem, welcome to the stream. Hello
armor.
Armor 69, welcome to the stream.
I like the tough bricks, too, Anastasia.
I think they look good.
Carpet? What color carpet, Enchan?
What color carpet do you think for the
for the storage room?
Hello Hiram, welcome to the stream.
Thanks for joining.
Right now, I have yellow carpet.
I have a little bit of gray carpet.
Hm.
Someday you're going to donate me
$5,000.
That's that's a lot.
I could make some blue wool.
I could make blue carpet in here.
Red?
Red wool in here?
Red or green?
Ooh.
Red or green? Do I have any green dye?
How do you make green dye?
Let me look in the crafting table.
Green.
Um
dye?
I don't know how to make green dye.
Kelp?
You need kelp? Let me try kelp. I have
kelp.
Um
Yeah, here I have some kelp.
You need kelp?
No.
Not kelp.
You don't make green dye with kelp.
Maybe a cactus. A cactus.
Look at my upside down dog here.
I moved the dog over here
and now it looks like it's standing on
the ceiling upside down.
I like it. It's here in the enchanting
room.
I don't have any cactus.
So, I can't make green dye.
Cook it?
Oh, you have to cook the kelp?
I'll try cooking this kelp in a furnace.
Let's try that.
Um
I'll use some stairs as fuel.
Okay, I'm cooking the kelp in a furnace.
I don't have any cactus. I need to go
find a desert to collect some cactus.
Oh, yellow or orange? To match the
copper golems? That's a good idea.
Dried kelp doesn't make any dye. What do
you do with dried kelp?
What do you do with dried kelp?
Okay.
We could make orange to match these
golems. I like that idea.
Orange carpet.
To make orange,
we probably use these orange tulips.
I'll make two orange dye.
There we go.
Ooh, I also need some wheat. I'll take
this wheat.
Okay, let's go outside.
And let's go over to the sheep.
Hello, sheep.
Let's turn these sheep orange. Let's
turn two of these sheep orange.
Orange and
orange. Now, let's breed these sheep.
Here we go.
And I'll use my shears
to collect some orange wool.
All right.
More orange wool.
This sheep is eating a lot of grass.
All right, I've started collecting some
orange wool for the chest room.
All right, I'll leave these sheep.
Back to the house.
I've placed a lot of torches around my
house, so it should be safer now.
I don't see many monsters out here.
Okay.
So, we'll put orange wool in here. I'll
mine this floor. I'll dig up this
cobblestone.
You've been playing for 210 days. Yep,
today's day 210. You're right.
All right, let's destroy this
cobblestone.
Oh.
Okay.
And I'll also dig up the floor in here.
I'll dig up all this cobblestone.
Cobblestone.
Kenza, what's the worst mistake you have
made on this hardcore world?
Um
the worst mistake
Hmm.
Well,
one mistake that I've made
I kind of wish I would have built my
base
closer to a mountain. This island
this island is completely flat, pretty
much.
There are no mountains on this island.
I kind of wish I would have built my
base closer to a mountain.
Oh, no.
A phantom.
I need to go to sleep.
I'm sleeping in my bed.
Make a painting.
Make painting dog.
I don't know what you mean, Akfi.
What's painting dog?
Kenza, are you going to beat the Ender
Dragon? Yes, I definitely am. First, I
need to get some netherite armor and
tools, but then I'll fight the Ender
Dragon.
A new parrot?
Here's my old parrot. I still haven't
named this parrot.
I still need to go back and look at the
names that you recommended
for this parrot.
Okay.
I'm going to get some more orange wool.
Orange wool.
Can I breed more sheep?
There we go. Another baby orange sheep.
Very good.
I'll be really sad if I die, too.
Where do you find the totem armor?
If you play music near a parrot, it
starts dancing? Oh, ho, ho. I need to
make a jukebox.
I'll place this orange wool.
I'm going to need a lot more orange
wool,
but I like it.
I like the way this looks.
Raids. Ooh.
Oxy?
Uh stop spamming that or I'm going to
have to block you.
Sorry.
All right.
Over here, I'm going to break this
torch.
And I'm going to replace it with a
lantern.
It's all good, Oxy.
It's a
It's okay.
But when you spam, it makes it too hard
to read. You're all right.
Um
Do I have any copper ingots?
I don't have any copper ingots, just raw
copper.
I'll smelt this.
I'll smelt this here in the furnace.
Okay.
I need more coal.
I can't make any more torches cuz I'm
out of coal.
Oh, no.
I'm out of coal.
I'm going to quickly go find some coal.
I need coal to make more torches.
I'll use my fortune pickaxe.
Let's go look for some coal. I'll break
my boat
and I'll pick it up.
Oh, you want me to change the painting?
You want me to change the painting?
I'll try it.
We'll try to get a painting of a dog.
Wait.
Is there a painting of a dog?
I can't tell what any of these paintings
are.
Like, what is this?
That doesn't look like a dog.
This looks like flowers.
That looks like the sky with some
clouds.
I don't see any paintings of dog.
Hmm.
I'm going to leave this one. I think
this is my favorite painting.
I think I'm going to leave this
painting. I didn't see a dog painting.
Okay.
Let's go look for some coal.
Yep, it's time to improve the house.
You're right, Denise.
I didn't see it, Akfi. I didn't see the
dog painting.
Hey, Flampy boy. Welcome to the stream,
Flampy.
Okay.
I'll place my boat.
And let's go look for some coal.
I'm going to sail over here
to the beach because I also want to pick
up some sand.
Let's sail this way.
Kenza, what's your goal? My goal for
this video is to improve my house. I
want to decorate my house and make my
house look better.
It's a rare for
I see.
I'm doing well this Friday. How are you,
Flampy Boy? Are you doing well?
Oh, my goal for the whole world?
Well, I want to beat the bosses. I want
to
I want to build a really cool base.
I don't know.
I do know that I want to beat all the
bosses if I can.
That's my goal.
I'm glad your day has been well, Flampy.
Thanks for joining the stream.
I'm going to get some sand. I'm going to
need lots of sand for glass.
Okay.
I'll get 64.
There we go. Got a full stack.
Any coal around here?
Any coal?
Hello, cows.
Oh, 5.5% chance. That is rare.
I'll keep trying. I'll keep trying when
I get back home.
Maybe I'll try to get that painting when
I'm playing off camera.
Any coal?
Ooh, I see something over there.
Maybe that's a cave.
Some turtles. Look, I can see the
supporter wall over there.
Dive.
I'm swimming in the water.
Oh, this isn't a cave.
No, this isn't a cave.
No coal?
I bet I could find some coal over there.
Oh, there's some coal. All right.
I'll go mine that coal with my fortune
pickaxe.
Hello, what's up, fellas? Welcome back.
Thanks for joining the stream again this
week.
I'm glad to see you again. What's up,
fellas?
Jump. Jump.
I still have that world uh
plat platyum. I still have that old
world.
I haven't played on it for a long time,
though.
I'm happy to hear that, MKWilbur. Thanks
for watching, anyways.
I'm in Mountain Time, Flampy Boy.
US Mountain Time.
Okay.
I'm going to mine this coal with my
fortune pickaxe. Hopefully, I get a lot
of coal here.
Okay.
What do I want to be added to Minecraft?
I would really like to see a new
dimension.
Uh another portal that takes you
somewhere else. Like the nether, but
somewhere new.
I think that would be cool.
All right, I got some coal.
We've got 27 coal.
That's pretty good.
I'll keep looking around a little bit
more
to see if there's any more coal close
by.
I'll eat some steak.
Any coal?
I don't see any. There's the village
over there.
Oh,
it started to rain.
It's raining.
Okay, I'll go back home.
I found some coal.
I'll go back home.
This way.
I'm running through the water. Oh, I see
some creepers.
Enderman.
I'm not going to look at the Enderman.
I'm going to run back home.
And I'll dive.
Do YouTube super chats get you on the
supporter wall? Definitely. Oops.
Creeper exploded. Yeah, anyone that
makes a donation will get added to my
wall.
It doesn't matter if it's on Ko-fi or
through YouTube.
I left my boat, didn't I?
Where's my boat?
Uh, skeletons.
Where is my boat?
I thought my boat was around here.
No?
I lost my boat.
Um any amount is fine, MK Wilbur. Just
anyone who supports the channel.
Yeah, lots of monsters around here.
Creepers, skeletons.
Are you out of here, OxP?
Thanks for joining.
Oh, there's my boat.
Okay, I'll get in my boat and I'll sail
home.
Finally, I found my boat.
See you later, OxP. Thanks for joining
the stream.
See you later.
Finally found my boat.
My supporter sign is backwards.
I'm going to get a drink of water.
Ooh.
I hurt my neck last night.
I hurt my neck sleeping.
Ooh.
Okay, I'm saying I'm sailing back home.
I got water on my glasses.
Have to wash off the water.
There we go.
Okay, let's continue.
Hydration is important.
It's true, Flappy Boy.
Back home we go.
Creeper.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'll sail this way.
Yeah, rip my neck.
Okay.
I'll get out of the boat here.
Let's climb up, up, up.
All right.
It's a raining so my glasses are wet.
Yep.
Okay, we made it back home.
Oh, thank you, MKWilbur.
Thank you, thank you.
Let me write down in my notes
to add you to the wall.
Big thank you, MKWilbur, for the
donation.
I have to add MK
Wilbur
to my supporter wall.
W's in the chat for MKWilbur. Thank you.
All right.
Um I will take my shears.
Let's see if any of those sheep have
grown up.
Yeah.
And I'll shear these sheep.
I'll get a little more orange wool.
All right.
And
I'll place it.
Two more wool.
Okay, I got some coal. Now I can make
more torches
at my crafting table.
Um first I'll make more jungle planks.
Now I'll make more sticks.
Now I'll make some torches.
There we go.
And
I'll take some copper ingots.
And I'm going to turn these ingots
or some of these ingots into nuggets.
There we go.
Um
I'll throw the egg.
Now
using a torch
and some copper nuggets
Wait.
How do you make the copper torch?
Here we go, copper torch.
Oh, no.
I messed it up.
Wait.
I'm going to put my things away in this
chest.
I don't need all this stuff.
Let's try again.
Okay, I'll make some jungle planks.
Now I'll make some sticks.
Now using sticks
coal
and
copper in- copper nuggets
Now I can make some copper torches.
There we go.
I made 40 copper torches. Now with these
copper torches and copper nuggets, now I
can make copper lanterns.
Let's make two copper lanterns. I made
two copper lanterns.
Now
I'll place one copper lantern here.
And
I'm going to build an item frame.
So, I need
one leather
and some sticks. I need more sticks.
Let's make more sticks.
Okay.
Now, I'll place sticks
and one leather to make an item frame.
Okay.
Now, I'll place the item frame
underneath
the copper lantern, right here.
And I'm going to put my first pickaxe in
my hardcore world
in this item frame.
Right now, it's being held by this
statue.
I'll take my first pickaxe.
There we go.
And I'm going to name it
in my anvil.
Um so, I need a name tag. How do you
make a name tag?
n a m e
paper. I need paper.
Oh, no.
I don't have any sugar cane. I don't
have enough sugar cane to make paper.
Oh, no. I need more sugar cane.
I'm going to go to sleep.
Sleep. And in the morning, I'll go
collect some sugar cane.
My first pickaxe, yeah, Bruno N
Yep, I made some copper lanterns.
Okay.
It's morning. Let's get some sugar cane.
Uh-oh.
Lots of monsters.
I'll pick up some sugar cane.
Go away, creeper. Go away.
The skeleton isn't shooting me.
It's a friendly skeleton.
I'll pick up all the sugar cane.
Sugar cane.
So much sugar cane.
Look at that baby drowned. It's wearing
golden armor. Oh, and it's carrying a
lead.
Look.
It's holding a lead.
Hello.
Can I have your lead?
Okay, let's get out of here.
Back to the house to make some paper.
Dive.
You guys are funny in the chat.
Okay.
Oh, yeah. I need to make paper.
Right here. I keep on forgetting
my crafting table over here. It used to
be in the front.
Okay, let's make some paper.
I'll make a bunch of paper.
Now we'll make a name tag.
I'll make one name tag.
One name tag.
Now,
I'll place the name tag here in the
anvil.
And I'll name this
my first
pickaxe.
Now, I'll use this on my pickaxe.
How do I do it?
Oh, wait.
Maybe like this.
Oh.
Oh, you don't even need the name tag.
I didn't need to make a name tag here.
You can just name it in the anvil.
That's an L.
Uh
first pickaxe. There we go.
Now I've named this my first pickaxe.
And I'll put it in the picture frame.
Now I've framed my first pickaxe.
There we go, and I've added it to my
wall.
Cool.
Let's keep going.
Let's keep working on improving my
house. Let me see if there's any more
orange wool to collect.
More orange wool.
And I'll breed some more orange sheep.
I'm going to need lots of orange wool.
These baby sheep are taking a long time
to grow up.
I'll also shear this white sheep.
Okay.
I'll name
this pig
first pickaxe.
Now this pig is named first pickaxe.
Hello first pickaxe.
All right.
I got four more orange wool.
Let's place it.
Almost done with the floor in this room.
I like the way the orange floor looks
with the green chest.
I think it looks pretty good.
I won't kill the pig.
Okay.
I want to add some plants to this room.
Let's make a pot.
A pot.
To make a flower pot, we need some
bricks.
Okay.
To make bricks,
you need to smelt clay in a furnace.
So I'll take this clay.
And I'll come over to the furnace.
Can you use dried kelp in a furnace?
No.
Can you eat dried kelp?
Oh, okay.
You can eat dried kelp.
Um
I used all my coal to make torches.
Uh
You made a Minecraft phone case?
Woah. That sounds cool. What's on the
phone case,
Dennis?
I'll make some more jungle planks.
Okay. Now,
I'll smelt some clay balls in the
furnace using jungle planks as fuel.
So, I'm smelting some clay balls into
bricks.
I do have an axolotl. I have two
axolotls, actually.
Thank you, guys.
All right. One more brick. I just need
one more.
There we go. With three bricks,
I can make
a flower pot.
I'll place the flower pot
maybe right here.
Okay.
What should I put in the flower pot?
Maybe
Hmm.
Maybe something red
or something
blue.
I could place a poppy
or a cornflower.
Maybe I'll place a poppy.
I'll put a poppy
in the flower pot.
Okay.
What else could I add to the enchanting
room?
Let's see.
What else?
Ooh, maybe a candle?
You need a honeycomb to make a candle.
How do you get the honeycomb, chat?
Ooh, a purple carpet for the enchanting
room?
Pur- purple carpet would be cool.
Hmm.
Oh, you have to shear a beehive?
Oh, okay. You have to use your shears on
a beehive to get honeycombs.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you in the chat.
Hello, Cal- Calciter?
Hello, Calciter. Welcome to the live
stream.
Thanks for joining.
Welcome to the channel.
Oh, or in trial chambers you can find
it. Okay, okay.
There's the conduit. I need to find more
nautilus shells.
Ooh.
I could make a red banner.
Let's make a banner.
Where should I put the banner?
I made a banner. I'm going to remove
this.
Um
for now put the banner right here.
I'll switch pickaxes.
Okay, I'll mine this.
And I'll mine these blocks.
And I'll replace them with polished
tough.
What should I make the floor in the
bedroom?
What should the floor be here in the
Tell me in the chat what I should make
the floor
here in the bedroom.
I'll dig up this cobblestone.
Put a banner on your shield with a
crafting table?
Oh.
Dark wood? Okay.
We could do dark wood to match the
staircase.
The most protective bedroom that uses
redstone.
Let's try this. I'll take my shield.
And I'll take this banner.
Anastasia says, "Put your banner on a
shield with a crafting table."
I want to try this.
So,
shield
banner. Woah! A red shield.
What?
Woah! Now I've got a red shield. I
didn't know you could do that.
I like it. I like it.
Diamond?
Come on.
I don't have enough diamond blocks to
make the floor out of diamond. No way,
Brunonay.
Hello, since pressure. Welcome to the
stream.
Yeah, I like the red shield. Thank you,
Anastasia.
I like it.
Okay.
Let's try dark wood.
I'll use my dark oak logs
to make some dark oak planks.
Maybe 28 of them.
And I'll put the logs back in the chest.
Okay.
Oops.
All right. Do you like it? I replaced
the floor
with dark oak planks.
Do you like it? Yes or no?
Do you like it?
All right, let's go to sleep because
it's raining. I'll go to sleep.
As Kalsita recommends.
Hey, what's up, burger buns?
Welcome to the stream.
Red carpet?
Where should I put the red carpet?
Oh, red carpet under the bed?
Okay.
Um oh, I already have my red carpet.
I'll break the bed.
I'll place some red carpet underneath
the bed.
Oh, yeah. Cool.
I like it.
Jeb is very explorative. Jeb keeps on
trying to escape.
All right. Cool.
What about the floor in here? I'll
replace the floor in here with something
else.
I'll dig up all this cobblestone.
Okay.
Maybe
Hmm.
Maybe in here I'll replace the floor
with
Hmm.
Maybe some stone?
Maybe some type of deep slate?
Polished deep slate?
Dirt floor?
Jeb is the developer of the game and
he's color blind. That's why he's a
rainbow. Oh, wow.
Very interesting.
Huh.
Amethyst? An amethyst floor?
An amethyst floor would be cool. Do I
have enough amethyst blocks?
Um
Do I have amethyst?
I have nine blocks of amethyst.
It's not enough.
Oh, wait.
I'm going to pick these up.
I'm going to make the floor
amethyst in the enchanting room over
here.
I'll break this bamboo.
There we go. And here, I'll replace the
floor with amethyst blocks.
Yeah.
Jeb.
Get out of here, Jeb.
There we go.
That looks good.
I like it.
Glass floor with water and axolotls
underneath.
Whoa.
Maybe I'll change the floor here to be
bamboo.
Bamboo planks.
Um I'll throw this sugar cane.
Oh, no, I don't have bamboo. I'll take
some of these bamboo stairs.
Okay.
First, I'll place the blocks.
Now, I'll place these stairs upside
down.
Like this.
There we go. And it looks the same.
Yeah, this is the very first pickaxe
that I made in this world, Calcetor.
My first pickaxe.
I just framed it.
The deep loss of resources.
Stairs in the floor. Yeah, I placed
stairs here on the floor because I was
out of blocks.
Okay.
I'll put the stairs back.
Now I'll take these jungle logs and I'm
going to go upstairs.
Oh, my neck.
My neck hurts.
Ooh.
I'm going to get another drink of water.
Neck pain is happening.
Did you sleep well? No. I did not sleep
well.
I'm going to change this bed to a red
bed.
Let's see.
Oh, I put away my red wool.
I'll pick up my red wool again.
And let's make a red bed.
Now I'll place the red bed on the red
wool.
Okay. Yeah.
I think this looks better.
I like it.
Let's go upstairs.
And I'm going to start building the
second floor.
Oops.
This one should go up like this.
I'll place some jungle logs.
And more jungle logs.
Here I placed a fence gate so that Jeb
can't escape.
Okay.
This block should be going up.
And
this block as well.
Okay.
Cool.
Let's start working on the second floor.
Um burger buns, in the future, I want to
play Minecraft with my community, but I
haven't set it up yet.
In the future, I'm going to set up a
server so we can all play together on
the same server.
Minecraft has such great music.
Great music.
One, two, three.
One, two, three. Yeah, it would
definitely be fun to play with you guys
on a server.
One, two, three.
This is going to use a lot of jungle
logs.
One, two, three.
Oh, that's all right, Anson.
Hopefully in the future I'll have more
time.
Right now I just don't have enough time
to play.
Okay.
Now
I need to turn these logs into more
planks
to make the walls.
And I'm out of planks.
I need to chop down some more jungle
trees.
Let's go back downstairs.
In this chest, I have saplings.
I'm going to pick up my jungle saplings.
I'm going to go plant some jungle
saplings.
And I'll take
I'll take some bone meal with me.
Some bone meal.
I have too much stuff.
I'm going to put some stuff away in this
chest.
I need this weed actually. I don't need
a white bed. I don't need a block of
amethyst.
Okay.
All right, let's go outside.
And while I'm out here, I'm going to add
I'm going to add
MKWilbur to my supporter wall.
Let's do it.
I'll eat some steak.
All right.
You should add more texture by swapping
out some jungle planks with stripped
jungle wood. Oh, that's a good idea.
I like that idea, Dylans.
I'm going to change this one to be
just donated anything.
Donated.
There we go.
Now, I'll take a sign. Oh, no, I don't
have a jungle sign.
I need to go home.
That's okay cuz the sun is going down
anyways. So, I should sleep.
Open the door, close the door.
Sleep.
I'll get a drink of coffee.
I have coffee.
I have my energy drink. And
I have my water.
That's three different drinks.
Okay, let's pick up the jungle signs.
Here, I have 11 jungle signs.
And let's go back over to the supporter
wall.
Here we are.
All right, I'll put it right here.
And MK
Wilbur.
Let me see.
w i l l b u r
Wilbur, there we go. Are you still
there, Wilbur? If you are, tell me which
country you're from and I'll add your
country to the sign. Big thank you, MK
Wilbur, for being a supporter of this
channel.
Canada.
All right, let me add Canada.
I think you are my first supporter from
Canada.
Canada,
Italy, Denmark.
Yeah.
All right, we have MKWilbur, our first
Canadian supporter.
W's in the chat for MKWilbur. I've added
you to my supporter wall.
All right.
Let's go check on the sheep.
My first Canadian supporter.
Big shout out, MKWilbur.
Let's shear these sheep for some more
orange wool. Oh, look, the baby orange
sheep grew up.
Now we'll get a lot more orange wool.
Yeah, look at all this orange wool.
I got 13.
And I'll shear this white sheep.
Any more?
Yep, here we go. This one's eating.
I'll shear it.
And I'll shear this one.
Okay, 17 orange wool.
After 500 grass, we finally made the
sheep grow up.
All right.
I'll place this orange wool.
I think we're going to be able to finish
the floor in this first chest room.
Yeah, there we go.
I finished the floor in here.
Now let's place some orange wool on the
floor in here.
Ooh, I need to remove these.
And I'll replace them with orange wool.
All right. I still need more orange wool
orange wool
for this second chest room.
But we're getting close.
Oh no, my dog moved.
Dinnerbone.
Back in the enchanting room. I'm going
to push Dinnerbone back in the
enchanting room.
Back in here, Dinnerbone.
Stay.
Sit.
There we go.
Yeah.
Maybe in the future, Bruno Nay. Maybe in
the future I can make a diamond floor,
but not right now.
Right now, I only have
25 diamonds.
I don't have enough diamonds yet.
But in the future.
Do you want to adopt a horse or a
donkey? Yeah.
I should, Cartoon.
Cartoon D Art.
I need to I need to find a horse or a
donkey or a camel.
You can also ride on camels.
Okay.
I have my jungle saplings. I have my
bone meal.
Let's go plant some jungle trees.
I'll plant one right here.
One.
Two, three, four.
And I'll grow it.
Wait. This one?
>> Why is this not working?
Huh.
The bone meal isn't working on these
saplings.
What?
I used all my bone meal.
Too close?
Do you think it's too close to this
tree?
Hmm.
I'll take these saplings. I'll move
further away from these trees.
Maybe I'll come over here.
I'll plant them here.
Looks like there's plenty of space here.
I'll get some more bone meal.
Negative 57 height is the best for
diamonds.
They ain't treeing.
Um
bone meal.
Here I have 32 more bone meal.
I'll run back to the jungle saplings.
This way.
Here we go.
Okay, I'm going to try using the bone
meal on these saplings.
Still no.
What is going on?
Destroy the grass.
I'll destroy the grass all around.
It's not close to anything.
Hello A brooms.
Thanks for joining the stream again.
Oh, there we go.
Maybe I needed to destroy the grass that
was nearby.
Thanks play TYM.
Thank you.
Okay.
I'll plant some more.
I'll plant another tree right here.
1 2 3 4. I'll break all this grass.
I'll break all this grass.
Okay.
Now I'll use my bone meal.
There we go.
I made two huge jungle trees.
And I only have two saplings left.
Okay.
Now I'm going to chop down some trees.
I'm going to wait to chop down these
trees.
Let's go over here.
You see this jungle tree
has vines that I can climb up.
So I'll climb up this tree.
Okay.
Now I'll break this wood with my axe.
Yeah, it takes a lot of bone meal to
grow these trees, but luckily I have a
lot of bones from my XP farm, Bruno and
I.
I have tons of bones back at my house.
I'll chop down this tree.
Oh, I should make a tree house.
I'll definitely make a tree house in the
future.
I'll break this wood.
Ooh, I heard my happy guest.
There's my happy guest.
Okay.
Place a huge line of saplings next to
each other, like a 2 by 12 grid. Trust
me, that's OP.
Does that work?
Do they grow if they're that densely
packed?
Almost done.
Okay.
I did it. I chopped down the whole tree.
Now, I've got a bunch more jungle logs,
55 jungle logs.
There's a a panda bear over there.
It does work?
I'll try that in the future, Dylans.
Ooh, our house is getting taller.
Look at our house now.
Our house is getting bigger.
Okay. Oh, wait.
I'm going to check on the sheep.
Let's shear the sheep.
Shear.
Shear. Shear.
We need lots of orange wool.
Uh-oh.
There's a witch. I see a witch.
Okay.
Actually, I'm just going to climb this
ladder.
And I'll jump.
Okay.
And let's go to bed.
Grow a 10 by 10 tree and make a house in
it.
That would be cool.
Wait, is this a European stream? No,
this is a stream for people that are
learning English, EU Slayer.
But, there are lots of Europeans in
here.
Okay.
Hello, LongLee. Welcome to the stream.
Thanks for joining.
No, sorry. This is a single-player
hardcore world.
I'm only playing single-player in this
stream.
Yeah, I'm working on the second floor
here, Denise. Dennis.
It sounds like you're doing good,
LongLee. Keep going. Keep studying.
No, sorry. This is only a single-player
single-player world, LongLee.
Okay. I got more jungle logs.
Let's make more planks.
And let's build some walls. Oops.
Uh, my inventory is full. I don't need
this fish.
Okay, I'll place more walls.
>> Hmm.
I might leave this open for now.
Maybe I'll make a balcony out here.
I'll build a wall here.
I'll place glass here
and here and here. I'll make some
windows.
wood
and more wood
Here we go.
All right.
Uh long leads just for people that are
practicing their listening, that are
working on their listening.
It's for people to get used to hearing
English spoken.
Um
I need more jungle planks.
Yeah. That's right, Anjan.
I'm not from Europe, EU Slayer. I'm from
the US, the USA.
Um where is my sand?
Here's some sand.
My inventory is full.
I'll place this orange wool.
Can I finish the floor here?
No.
Oh, we're so close.
We're so close to finishing the floor.
Can I finish it now?
Come here, sheep. Come here.
Come here.
Oh, I'm so close.
I think I have enough. Three wool.
Yeah, one, two, three. We finished the
floor.
All right.
The sheep are getting paid overtime.
Okay.
I'm going to take some of these cherry
planks.
And
with these cherry planks, I'll make more
chests.
Here we go.
Oh, I can only make two.
I made two more chests.
Okay.
I'll put some stuff away.
All right.
Looking good.
Ooh. Okay, I'm going to break this
lantern.
And I'm going to replace it with a
copper lantern.
So, we have one. I need to make one
more.
I'll make some ingots.
Oh, hello Diana. Thanks for joining the
stream.
I've been enjoying your videos, Diana.
Well, I just got into the wrong stream.
RIP OG lantern.
No, no, JR Junior. They want to do it.
They want to organize my things. They're
not enslaved.
Okay, let's make a second copper
lantern.
Like this.
Here we go. Now we've got two.
Now I can place one
right here
and one right here.
And I can remove these torches.
Okay.
Oh, I should change this lantern, too.
Do I need this torch? I don't think I
need that torch.
I want to make more flower pots.
I have 17 more bricks.
I'll make two more flower pots.
Anything else we can make using bricks?
Oh, I only have two bricks left.
Wait.
I have 11 bricks.
What can I make with 11 bricks?
Ooh, a decorated pot?
Let's make one of these pots.
Okay.
Anything else?
I'll make one more decorated pot.
And with these last three bricks, I'll
make
one more flower pot.
Okay.
Let's see.
Maybe I'll place a decorated pot here in
the corner.
All right.
And I'll place a flower pot
here.
In this flower pot
Hmm.
In this flower pot I'll put a cherry
sapling.
There we go. That looks good.
I forgot the name.
But something that is copper you can
stop from getting Oh, you're talking
about the uh
Enchan, you're talking about the
lightning rod.
Hold on.
Yeah, the lightning rod.
Let's make a lightning rod.
I haven't made one of these yet.
Minecraft is a Swedish game. Yep.
You're right, EU Slayer.
I have more flower pots.
Um
Where else should I put a flower pot?
Hmm.
Maybe I'll put
Maybe I'll put one here in front of this
window.
In this flower pot I'll put
maybe one of these mangrove propagules.
Yeah, cool.
I like it.
Our house is looking much better.
Can I place flowers in this pot I
wonder?
Let me try.
Woah.
Um, I think I put the flowers inside the
pot.
But I can't get them out.
Happy birthday to your grandma. Oh,
thank you.
My grandma and Christina, two birthdays.
Do you like the EU? Sure.
Rip flowers.
House is looking housey. You're right,
Enchan.
Break the pot?
Will it break forever?
Oh, wait. I can use my silk touch
pickaxe.
There we go.
I got my rose bush back.
I have one more decorated pot.
Maybe I'll put it
in here?
In this corner?
Okay.
What should I add to the bedroom?
Hmm.
Maybe I could make a painting for this
wall.
I'll make another painting.
I'll make some more sticks.
Sticks.
And one wool makes a painting.
I'll put a painting here.
Um
and I'll put a block above to block the
painting.
Yeah.
There we go.
Books?
Oh, a pot is like a secret stash. I see.
I don't know much about Georgia Armor
69.
I'm going to read your comments for a
second.
I am the world.
See you later, EU Slayer. Thanks for
joining the stream.
I'll see you later.
Okay. You like the painting, Anchen?
Anchen?
You think the painting looks good?
Do you like my painting, chat?
My creeper painting?
I didn't eat today, Diana. Today I was
just drinking my coffee.
By the way, my cup is a a map of
Bordeaux, France.
So, shout-out to France.
France, a part of the EU, right? EU
Slayer? You should be happy about that.
Do you learn languages? Yeah, right now
I'm mostly working on Spanish.
I'd like to learn Spanish.
Estoy aprendiendo español.
W France, yeah.
Okay.
I'm going to make a bunch more chests. I
want to fill up the chest room.
So, let's get some more
cherry logs.
I'll put away all this wood.
I guess I'll keep this.
Let's make a bunch more chests.
Here we go.
Yeah, I made a ton of chests.
Or I made a ton of log planks.
Now I'll make some chests.
I made eight so far. Maybe I'll make
more.
Okay, one, two,
three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
I'll make more. I need one, two, three,
four, five, six more chests.
I need six more.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Okay.
Let's see what you're saying.
Español?
Did Christina let you starving? No,
she's been working. Christina's been
very busy.
Right now I'm trying to learn Chinese.
Ooh.
Chinese seems quite difficult.
Okay.
Oh, my neck.
I hurt my neck
while sleeping last night.
So, my neck hurts during the stream.
Will you leave the ceiling made of
cobblestone? I don't know. I might
change the ceiling in the future.
I made a bunch of wood, yep.
All right, let's place these chests.
And there we go.
Now,
we have two
chest rooms.
Two chest rooms.
What else could I add to the crafting
room?
What other kinds of crafting tables are
there?
Let's see.
We could add
Ooh, we could add a cartography table.
Let's make a cartography table.
We could add a smithing table.
Let's make one of these.
Hmm.
We could make a fletching table with two
flints.
Do I have two flint?
Let me see.
Oh, yeah.
Two flint.
Let's make the fletching table.
Okay.
There we go. There's three new kinds of
crafting tables.
Let's place them.
Um
one
two
three.
I placed them on top of each other.
Can you brew potions? I don't have a
brewing stand yet.
I still need to craft a brewing stand.
Cartoon.
I still need to make a brewing stand.
Three three Invixer. Three Invixer.
But when I make a brewing stand, I'll
put it in this room.
What else?
I could also make a blast furnace and a
smoker.
The blast furnace smelts your ore
faster, like
copper and iron.
And the smoker cooks food faster, like
fish and meat.
But I don't really need those right now.
The brewing stand requires a blaze rod.
I don't have a blaze rod.
Oh, you can find a brewing stand at
villages. You're right, Enchan.
I could go try to find a brewing stand
at a village.
Ah, maybe that'll be the last thing I do
in this stream.
I'll go to a nearby village and look for
a brewing stand to add to my crafting
room.
That's a good idea.
I'm going to move this cartography table
down here.
Okay.
I'll put some stuff away.
And now I'll go to sleep.
Let's go to sleep.
Yeah, the blast furnace smelts ore
faster, Enchan.
That's all right, Cartoon. Just keep on
listening, keep on watching content in
English, and your English level will
improve. Just keep going, keep on
working on it.
Okay.
Um, where's my boat?
Where's my boat?
Where Where my boat go?
Over here?
I need to eat. I'll eat some more steak.
Yep, I need to eat food.
I lost my boat again.
I always lose my boat.
What a chicken?
There's a chicken out there in the
ocean.
Boat? Oh, there's my boat.
There's my boat.
Okay.
There's a village right over there.
Hopefully, we can find a brewing stand
at that village.
Lots of fish.
And lots of kelp underwater.
I've been playing Minecraft for a long
time. I've been playing Minecraft since
I was like 10 or 11 years old.
See you later, Anastasia. Sleep well.
Thanks for joining the stream.
See you next time.
Okay, I'll get out of the boat and I'll
pick it up.
Oh, my axe is gone.
I remembered to pick up my boat this
time.
Now, let's run over to the village.
Hopefully, I can find a brewing stand.
Cows.
Two cows.
>> I often see in your videos how you don't
notice diamonds in the mine and
structures like the outpost and the
underwater castle. Yeah.
I miss diamonds all the time when I'm
playing Minecraft.
Sadly, there are lots of times when I
don't see the diamonds.
And I walk right past them.
Minecraft has added a lot.
Minecraft has added a lot over the
years. It's true.
I'll take some of these saplings.
Let's see. Let's look for the brewing
stand.
Hmm.
Look, there are some banners.
I'll take these banners.
I don't think there are any raccoons in
Minecraft.
No raccoons.
Hmm.
Look at my XP farm.
It's huge.
Well, I don't think there's a brewing
stand in this village.
Hmm.
Let's go down this way.
Any brewing stand? No.
What about down here?
Anything?
I think this village is abandoned. I
think all the villagers died in this
village.
Hmm.
Well, no brewing stand in this village.
There are two more villages close by
though.
Let's check one of the other villages.
I want to find a brewing stand before I
end this stream.
I will find a brewing stand.
I'll place my boat. Let's get in it.
Okay, let's search for another village.
You saw a pink llama?
What?
I've never seen a pink llama in
Minecraft.
Okay.
Oh, I think I see another village.
There's another village.
Let's go check that village for a
brewing stand.
The brewing stand spawns only in
churches. Yeah, I think that's the
building that's made out of cobblestone.
So, I'm looking for the cobblestone
building.
I'll break this boat.
Let's run to the second village.
Jump.
Cave? No.
Llama.
And a baby llama.
Okay, here we are.
The second village.
Let's look for the church.
The building made of cobblestone.
There are villagers in this village.
There are villagers that are still
alive.
There's a grindstone.
We don't need a grindstone though.
Is there a church in this village?
No.
Hmm.
I don't see a church in this village
either.
There's a cherry grove biome.
Hmm.
Well, I still haven't found a brewing
stand.
I think churches only spawn in the
plains biome. Oh, okay.
So, I need to fill find a village in the
plains biome.
Hmm.
Okay.
Well, I'll have to keep searching for a
brewing stand. Maybe I won't find a
brewing stand this stream.
That's okay.
I'm seeing a lot of brown sheep here.
Lots of brown sheep around this area.
No brewing stands in these villages.
I'm going to run home. My compass is
pointing me this way.
There's a cave.
Any coal here?
I could use some more coal.
Torch.
There's a zombie. Oh, there's some coal.
Let's pick up this coal.
I'll use my fortune pickaxe.
I need a lot of coal.
Yeah.
Tame a llama
and place a carpet on it.
What does that do?
Torch.
Oh, look, some iron.
All right, we got some coal,
a little bit of iron.
More iron.
All right.
Ooh, I hear Enderman.
You can ride it and it looks cool. Oh,
cool.
I like it. I'm going to kill this
Enderman. Die, Enderman.
Die.
Die, Enderman.
This Enderman can't hit me.
I'm safe here.
Die.
Die. Die.
I killed it and look, I got two ender
pearls
because of my looting three enchantment.
I'll throw away um
I'll throw away one copper nugget.
There we go. I got two ender pearls.
You can make an endless source of lava
fuel. How, Dennis?
How does that work?
Okay, let's keep running home.
The sun's going down.
It's getting dark.
Oh.
That's an arrow.
There are skeletons shooting at me.
I'm going to run home.
The mobs are chasing me.
Lots of mobs chasing me.
Jump, jump, jump. Jump, jump, jump.
Okay, we're getting close. I need to eat
more food. Oh, there's a witch.
I see another witch over there.
Let's run.
Lots of monsters out here.
Ooh.
You see that nether portal?
I'll get in the boat.
Look, there's a broken nether portal
down here.
Yeah, I'm going back to the house, but
first I'm going to check out this this
nether portal.
I'll switch this to my unbreaking
pickaxe.
I'm going to get this gold block.
Did I pick it up?
Oh, no.
My inventory is full. I need to throw
some things away.
I'll throw away a grass block. I'll
throw away some cobblestone.
Um I'll throw away
um
some paper.
Yeah.
Okay.
Here we go.
I'm diving. Let's open the chest.
Okay.
Ah.
There wasn't that much in that chest.
I'm going to get back in my boat and I'm
going to sail home.
Oh, we're getting close. I see my
supporter wall.
Dolphin?
You saw a dolphin, Enchan? Oh, yeah.
Dolphin.
There's a dolphin swimming with us.
The other gold Oh, I missed the other
gold block.
The gold block on the gold block on top
of the portal.
Yeah, you're right. I forgot one gold
block.
Here we go. Jump.
Let's get this second gold block.
There we go.
Now I'll get back in my boat.
Okay.
Two blocks of gold. Cool.
Now I'll paddle home.
You can sneak on magma underwater? Oh.
Cool.
Woah.
Look at these two Endermen.
Die, Enderman.
I'm going to get more Ender Pearls.
Die.
Uh no Ender Pearls from that one.
Where's Come here.
I'm looking at you. I'm looking at you,
Enderman.
Die.
Die. Die. Die.
All right, two more Ender Pearls.
There we go.
Oh, I have six Ender Pearls now.
Wow.
We got six Ender Pearls from this
adventure.
Make yourself some golden apples.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
That's a good idea, cartoon.
Six Ender Pearls, yeah, Bruno and I.
Full diamond armor, yep, Flappy Flappy
boy. Look at that. Enchanted diamond
armor.
I have a full set.
All right, I'm going to get back to the
house, and then I'm going to end this
stream for today.
We accomplished a lot.
Welcome, Woff. Welcome to the stream.
Thanks for joining.
All right.
I'll climb up these
vines.
And let's go back home.
And then I'm going to end this stream.
Yeah, this has been a long stream.
Thanks for joining everyone.
I'll open the door and close it.
And look, we made it back home and the
house is looking a lot better now. We've
changed the floors. We changed the floor
here in the enchanting room to amethyst.
I added the first pickaxe to the wall. I
framed my first pickaxe and put it here.
We added some crafting tables.
We changed up the bedroom a little bit.
I added some paintings to the walls.
And up here I started working on the
second floor.
But there's still a lot of work to do up
here.
All right, I'm going to end this stream
here. Thanks for joining everyone and a
big thank you to all of the supporters
of this channel. Big thank you to
Who was it?
Hold on.
Big thank you to MK Wilbur for making a
donation during this stream. Big thank
you to all of the supporters of this
channel. I really appreciate it.
And thanks for joining the stream
everybody.
Thanks Enchan. Thanks for joining
Enchan. I'll see you later.
See you later Flampy Boy. Thanks for
joining today.
See you later MK Wilbur. Thanks for
being a supporter of the channel.
See you later Bruno Nay. Thanks for
joining.
Bye Waff.
See you later everybody and I will see
you guys again next week.